hills and bays and inlets, and every particular that would be needed
to bring a ship to a safe anchorage upon its shores. It was about nine
miles long and five across, shaped, you might say, like a fat dragon
standing up, and had two fine land-locked harbours, and a hill in the
centre part marked "The Spy-glass." There were several additions of a
later date, but above all, three crosses of red ink--two on the north
part of the island, one in the southwest--and beside this last, in
the same red ink, and in a small, neat hand, very different from the
captain's tottery characters, these words: "Bulk of treasure here."

Over on the back the same hand had written this further information:

     Tall tree, Spy-glass shoulder, bearing a point to
     the N. of N.N.E.

     Skeleton Island E.S.E. and by E.

     Ten feet.

     The bar silver is in the north cache; you can find
     it by the trend of the east hummock, ten fathoms
     south of the black crag with the face on it.

     The arms are easy found, in the sand-hill, N.
     point of north inlet cape, bearing E. and a
     quarter N.
     J.F.

That was all; but brief as it was, and to me incomprehensible, it filled
the squire and Dr. Livesey with delight.

"Livesey," said the squire, "you will give up this wretched practice
at once. Tomorrow I start for Bristol. In three weeks' time--three
weeks!--two weeks--ten days--we'll have the best ship, sir, and the
choicest crew in England. Hawkins shall come as cabin-boy. You'll make
a famous cabin-boy, Hawkins. You, Livesey, are ship's doctor; I am
admiral. We'll take Redruth, Joyce, and Hunter. We'll have favourable
winds, a quick passage, and not the least difficulty in finding the
spot, and money to eat, to roll in, to play duck and drake with ever
after."

"Trelawney," said the doctor, "I'll go with you; and I'll go bail for
it, so will Jim, and be a credit to the undertaking. There's only one
man I'm afraid of."

"And who's that?" cried the squire. "Name the dog, sir!"

"You," replied the doctor; "for you cannot hold your tongue. We are not
the only men who know of this paper. These fellows who attacked the
inn tonight--bold, desperate blades, for sure--and the rest who stayed
