     get to sea again.  He had hobbled down there that
     morning, he said, to get a smell of the salt.

     I was monstrously touched--so would you have
     been--and, out of pure pity, I engaged him on the
     spot to be ship's cook.  Long John Silver, he is
     called, and has lost a leg; but that I regarded as
     a recommendation, since he lost it in his
     country's service, under the immortal Hawke.  He
     has no pension, Livesey.  Imagine the abominable
     age we live in!

     Well, sir, I thought I had only found a cook,
     but it was a crew I had discovered.  Between
     Silver and myself we got together in a few days a
     company of the toughest old salts imaginable--not
     pretty to look at, but fellows, by their faces, of
     the most indomitable spirit.  I declare we could
     fight a frigate.

     Long John even got rid of two out of the six
     or seven I had already engaged.  He showed me in a
     moment that they were just the sort of fresh-water
     swabs we had to fear in an adventure of
     importance.

     I am in the most magnificent health and
     spirits, eating like a bull, sleeping like a tree,
     yet I shall not enjoy a moment till I hear my old
     tarpaulins tramping round the capstan.  Seaward,
     ho!  Hang the treasure!  It's the glory of the sea
     that has turned my head.  So now, Livesey, come
     post; do not lose an hour, if you respect me.

     Let young Hawkins go at once to see his
     mother, with Redruth for a guard; and then both
     come full speed to Bristol.
     John Trelawney

     Postscript--I did not tell you that Blandly,
     who, by the way, is to send a consort after us if
     we don't turn up by the end of August, had found
     an admirable fellow for sailing master--a stiff
     man, which I regret, but in all other respects a
     treasure.  Long John Silver unearthed a very
     competent man for a mate, a man named Arrow.  I
     have a boatswain who pipes, Livesey; so things
     shall go man-o'-war fashion on board the good ship
     HISPANIOLA.

