have seen you to the deuce. As it is, I have heard you. I will do as you
desire, but I think the worse of you."

"That's as you please, sir," said the captain. "You'll find I do my
duty."

And with that he took his leave.

"Trelawney," said the doctor, "contrary to all my notions, I believed
you have managed to get two honest men on board with you--that man and
John Silver."

"Silver, if you like," cried the squire; "but as for that intolerable
humbug, I declare I think his conduct unmanly, unsailorly, and downright
un-English."

"Well," says the doctor, "we shall see."

When we came on deck, the men had begun already to take out the arms and
powder, yo-ho-ing at their work, while the captain and Mr. Arrow stood
by superintending.

The new arrangement was quite to my liking. The whole schooner had been
overhauled; six berths had been made astern out of what had been the
after-part of the main hold; and this set of cabins was only joined to
the galley and forecastle by a sparred passage on the port side. It had
been originally meant that the captain, Mr. Arrow, Hunter, Joyce, the
doctor, and the squire were to occupy these six berths. Now Redruth and
I were to get two of them and Mr. Arrow and the captain were to sleep
on deck in the companion, which had been enlarged on each side till you
might almost have called it a round-house. Very low it was still, of
course; but there was room to swing two hammocks, and even the mate
seemed pleased with the arrangement. Even he, perhaps, had been doubtful
as to the crew, but that is only guess, for as you shall hear, we had
not long the benefit of his opinion.

We were all hard at work, changing the powder and the berths, when
the last man or two, and Long John along with them, came off in a
shore-boat.

The cook came up the side like a monkey for cleverness, and as soon as
he saw what was doing, "So ho, mates!" says he. "What's this?"

"We're a-changing of the powder, Jack," answers one.

"Why, by the powers," cried Long John, "if we do, we'll miss the morning
tide!"

"My orders!" said the captain shortly. "You may go below, my man. Hands
will want supper."
